I have a question mark.
I have a couple minutes to go and answer the up to you.
Chairman, I'm sure she is.
I want to Mr. Manier if we can do the same with this car
as the business.
Mr. Stunned this car.
We have no objection.
No, I'm just a question.
Clearly, next to Mr. Manier.
All right.
Send it a month.
They want to go right in and start reading it
without it even being here, I don't care.
Mr. Stunned this car.
What about you?
That would be all right, except I will probably
have one or two questions to ask this, man.
Oh, it's on the way out.
I hear you answer.
Oh, by the way, Mr. Chairman, I did want to ask a question
or two of Mr. Lucas, man.
And, man, you can do that.
We'll work our way through the time when it's very
as I was having the car to you and Mr. Lucas is here.
And you can ask him those questions now.
Thank you, sir.
Look against me.
Sir, I'm going to ask my ass.
Mr. Lucas, are you, uh, Mr. Lucas?
Yes, sir.
Yes.
When you get by a microphone Mr. Lucas,
you will be left with a committee table,
be all right.
And, uh, and, uh, a concaptious question number.
Oh, this is me.
I'm going to take the list of staff.
Yes, sir.
Who is it?
Oh, well, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Wellstoff,
I mean, this plan is left.
I did want to ask her a few questions to establish that.
She does not want to have to Mr. Adams
and the regular court of business,
that this was a special little job done,
after the blow up on the 24th of February.
Do we have Mr. Johnson, come back, Mr. Lowe?
Yes, Mr. Chairman, would you just
be in the study of being saying you released her?
I, uh, at least we had the conversation saying
that I was needed.
I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't,
I don't, I don't, I don't need to say anything.
So, the officer said, I got the operation
that so that all was through it.
I never needed to have a goal.
I wouldn't have had a goal if I had known there was a goal.
So, maybe I don't even need a part set on a model.
I was going to bring out some of his plans.
He was, maybe Mr. Wellstoff,
can see that that, uh, she does not want to
let Mr. Adams call, no matter a regular court of business,
that she only did a special monitoring job on Mr. Car
here, so as to give Mr. Adams the opportunity
to try to build a record for himself
of self-serving declarations on his part.
Well, if Mr. Dick, uh, Mr. Wellstoff,
uh, Cornwood put it quite a lot differently from that.
I, he might understand how I would or wouldn't agree to it.
I, I'm willing to say that she was
in his regular secretary.
Uh, wait a moment, she is the secretary.
But, uh, what kind of trust you want from me is that
there isn't a fixed policy in that office
of monitoring calls as there is in the secretary's office.
That I will agree to.
Uh, can you tell me whether or not there are any other instances
of this crisis right when she did monitor calls?
I cannot tell you either way on that, sir.
I just don't know.
If you'd rather have her up, you would certainly
have her.
That's all I wanted to establish.
Mr. Wellstoff can get a written statement to that effect.
What we wanted to establish, Mr. Chairman,
is that it applies to the first and only little job of monitoring
done in Mr. Adams office, and was it done after this lunch
and then the third in office, uh, so the significant
job will be quite quick.
We will either produce third Mr. Corn,
or a statement somewhere along the line to suggest
that I statement his act.
But now all I want to say is Mr. Wellstoff's just a channel
with this.
Mr. Wellstoff, you monitor the satellite 25th call
between Mr. Adams and Mr. Car.
Got that right, sir?
That's right.
Now, Mr. Adams, are you working, Mr. Adams?
Yes, sir.
Well, sir, that's not working, Mr. Wellstoff.
Are you working the same floor with Mr. Adams?
No, sir.
We're working, Mr. Davis, aren't you?
That's right.
I'd be working the monitor, Mr. Wellstoff.
They call me Mr. Wellstoff, Mr. Wellstoff,
and he was up in the office, and I have to look to the monitor
to the call, which you may find out.
And in other words, he was up in Mr. Davis office,
where he's going to Mr. Car, and he has to run into the call.
All right, that is right.
Did you ever monitor any other phone call from the press?
No, sir.
So this one floor is the first floor.
But the day after the blow-up is the third and only
call, which you have ever monitored for Mr.
John Adams.
Mr. Kermann, I don't quite understand the word,
but the blow-up, if you give a date, you will then
state whether I'm talking about the fact
that Mr. Chairman, the day following,
the lunch and attendant kindness of Steven
Glover here in the memorandum of agreement,
and the day of his reaction to that memorandum
of agreement, and his subsequent statement,
that's where I'm referring to him.
There was a day after the open, unquestion.
You're asking the second, sir?
Sir, I had a question.
Sure, the question was this.
Is it a fact that this was the first, the fifth monitor
call?
It's the first and only nine that you monitored a telephone call
for Mr. John Adams.
No, it's the other.
I don't know for the first.
It's the first and the other one.
Pardon me, sir.
I didn't get any.
Sorry.
Good news, Adam.
It's not there.
But it's all a purpose of making that call
and having you monitored.
I don't quite recall, sir, whether I don't think I
would know whether that was the first or the first.
That is the following, sir.
Except that we had to be in the morning,
after the following night.
Yes, sir.
You see, this is another important.
So I know there are no calls monitored.
With Mr. Carr until after the meeting
that Mr. Stevens on the 24th, and I am curious,
no, but are not, Mr. Adams, came up to that office.
For the purpose of making that call and having you monitored,
I think it tells that it would be possible.
I don't know what fortunately came
up before, but it would be right
as good as I was there.
How long would it be there?
I don't recall.
But many of them, you can help me set
monitor this call between me and Mr. Carr.
Yes, sir.
Good.
Thank you, sir.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Welp.
I, by some hot call to our electronic power,
Miss Clancy was stopped on her way down in the center
of the corridor.
Very good.
I suggest that if you take a position,
either with a table or a table, and the other way
you help you, because you have a regular temperature,
so you'll be with Mr. Carr on the chair.
But in the front, I have a question to ask her.
I'm Mr. Adams.
As the modern leader of the cooking leaders,
may I ask you a question?
Yes, sir.
Come on.
Mr. Clancy, you're back in the room now.
I'm here.
Yeah, good.
Fine.
Very good.
I'll have to ask you just one.
I'll take your questions.
You monitored some calls between Mr. Adams
and whom you work in, Mr. Frank Carr,
after the 20th of the subways, right?
That's great.
Now, did you have a monitor any calls between Mr. Adams
and Mr. Carr before that?
The further 25th of February?
Yes, no, I did not.
He did not.
Now, is it a regular practice?
And Mr. Adams office to have calls monitoring?
It was not.
Prior to that.
When did Mr. Adams stop monitoring calls for the first time?
The latter part of February or early March?
In the latter part of February or in early March.
Now, did he have all four monitors?
Not all calls.
What calls did he have monitored besides four of the Mr. Carr?
Mr. Mothersley.
Mr. Mothersley?
No, great.
I take with anyone else.
I don't recall anyone else.
Then he meant the picture is that prior to that February 24
date, when the flood experience occurred
in the State of England in the committee,
at least the State of Minnesota was unpleasant.
There was no monitoring.
As far as Mr. Adams office was concerned.
Next, please.
And after that, there was monitoring.
Great.
Now, do you know if there was anything
to stop Mr. Adams from telling Mr. Carr
I've got this fancy on the phone?
Take down this call.
Mr. Mothersley.
Well, the first time that I took this call,
he didn't say he's here to record it.
And I thought Mr. Carr, I'm good.
Oh, he's really got a wiring for it or a tape
or a gun.
In that time, he didn't know there was some joking going back
before.
Yeah, in a way.
But then they did wait for a while until I got to say
anything.
Because of what?
You know the fact that we do not have a hearing
for it or we would have a complaint.
But I don't know if the problem is
fancy anymore than the money.
I'm trying to fix it.
I'm just going to have to fix it for a while.
This grant to you.
In the course of monitoring calls,
I presume you do want to change your hearing
for a fan of the use over the phone.
Yes.
Do you recall that exactly?
This comes over the line.
I didn't use to make any ideas.
This call to work itself, you know.
Yes.
Come, Mr. Carr.
We're just saying that we're called
that our incident-based horror
set to us from the fun and dual
around the propanity of life and creation.
I don't know.
So it's not far.
Nothing beyond the watch you are
ordinarily in touch with you.
I'm a little bit scared out here.
I can't believe that you can't go all the way.
Nothing more.
Look at that.
I've missed that.
You are now dismissed then.
How about the other lady?
200 years?
I have no question.
We'll also get to look at the stuff for them.
Yes, sir.
I'm on to it.
Mr. Carr.
Mr. Carr, I think I have two questions.
I'm ready.
Here.
This way, this is not one I'm ready.
Call the thing that's called that's the incident.
Well, not that I don't know the status of news
rather than our friends, they're calling.
First, it's a call I believe is the reason for Adam.
It had been such an hour of the amount of the call.
The evidence was not any different.
It was the amount of the incident we don't know.
And I did monitor the tag end of a call.
That's the telephone number.
But which I can come.
That's the case.
Where is that?
That's the way.
Is there anything?
I'll kill that.
Have you ever noticed that?
Somewhere I was.
I've been not given enough of a first to call at all.
And Adam was not the first case I was not at night at all.
That's right.
Well, I was on that then, if you were monitored any call
between Mr. Carr and Mr. Adam.
I have not.
Well, now when you were monitored the first call
of the clean minister, Adam and Mr. Carr,
if you'd always testified about it.
There's no doubt in your mind, but that Mr. Carr
knew the call of being monitored.
You'd have been a senior by you, wasn't it?
Then the call must come.
Mr. Carr.
Mr. Carr, I thought of you as a being monarchy.
That's right.
Just a little bit more important than everything.
I'm a critic.
And I don't like just monitoring practice,
and I don't think very clear that Mr. Carr
can't complain the Compton Secretary
for doing what they're about to do
so that there's no blame on you.
But that's the only conversation with Mr. Carr.
I'm Mr. Adam's cad, despite indicate.
Either of them know about monitoring
that from one side, have you got your machine on?
The other one said, no, have you got your son on?
Mr. Fuzon, they're getting back and forth.
Beyond that, there was never any conversation
of any kind that an indicator for the crime
was they used phone call for being monitored.
Who doesn't come?
And as far as you know, Mr. Carr,
we've had Mr. Adam's phone with the car.
And they've tried other conversations
with Adam, with Frank.
But there's nothing to indicate to Frank Carr
that there was a monitoring from before and most things.
I think so.
Just one other question.
Mr. Sinclair asked you whether or not
you had monitored any calls between Mr. Adam's
with the phone.
There were a word that was called with the Mr.
phone and Mr. Adam's answer to the point that's for that.
That's right.
I don't recall.
I mean, right.
Well, you could not have monitored it.
I don't recall.
That's all.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I mean, I was there with the judge.
People engaged in monitoring.
You could go back to their office and be dismissed
with the phone.
They didn't remember his family phone.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. President, my name is Mr. Baker.
But that goes to my note on the conversation
of Mark Feth, in 1964.
I'd like that to list the situation
of the fact that that conversation
evidence is far knew, the telephone conversation
is a model.
I think it's not a political picture of the person's family
of the evidence.
I don't think this plan takes a big doubt
upon the fact that I'm telling that event.
I would like to read a question that you may need.
Mr. Chairman.
You're following this plan.
It's been case that I don't do a problem.
Mr. Adam, are you recording this conversation?
Mr. Car.
There's most of us both doing this.
Cut, save the footage.
Now that's all you've got.
Mr. Car, continue.
You cut off yours and then I cut off
and when we have run the conversation,
that isn't understandable.
Then I'd leave that to the front door of the page
to monitor.
Is that right?
I've read it properly in seconds.
That's not so far.
That's all Mr. Denver.
For the first time, we were dismissing the two people
and getting this in the monitoring.
Then I didn't make a back to you after.
Unless someone has another question.
And Mr. Mem, you can be conscious.
You saw Mr. Cephanone about to get in truth to hold truth
and nothing much of truth to help to judge.
And then he said,
I must let you tell you that I'm a way
to go and write a good, very good, very good.
You know, it's still a day of experience.
You've got to register the monitors.
Oh, very well.
And many of you are supposed to get this monitor
to call in the record in the appropriate style.
When you say your name, please.
Five to three minutes.
But as many of you have said, five to four.
Yes, I know.
You have to put a copy of the monitor call
about what you have just five.
Not that I did not.
I wouldn't mention that we're in together
from what does.
And if that's the case,
you can check the details of Mr. Mem,
or else.
Oh, Mr. Mem, it looks like it.
It's not the above thing.
I'm going to tell you what,
it's not the 62-hour show.
It's the 62-hour show.
Yes.
Any guess how it is, Mr. Mem?
Okay.
You can check that out.
It's a little bit too easy like that.
As you remember, please read,
go away and tell me when you're going
to read the details of the weather
and immediately whether I'm reading,
indicating by that,
I'm going to give you an indication.
Before the case is written,
let's see what is the flag that's in your office
to monitor telephone conversations.
What's one for reading?
And what's one for mentioning?
This particular telephone conversation.
As I call it, Mr. Mem,
it is because which to choose from,
which items is possible.
A statement for gift approval
or approval of that question for our annual report,
which we have read for the final paragraph.
I think you wanted a good case.
I'm a particular question for cleaning,
for the Army,
and our investigation of kindness and jokingness
is the Army.
And other than the higher request,
then you might as well be called.
We'll see if I will read it.
Sometimes during the conversation,
we would ask you to come on the wire,
and to make preparations to take
the indication which was random might hear.
You will weather not Mr. Adams,
knew that you were on the telephone
and monitoring the call.
I've said that it is.
Although I cannot recall exactly where it took to tell you,
when I came on the wire,
he either asked for you on,
or at least he's on,
something to be effected.
I know that yes.
I had been press in the chat,
and he rather don't tell us on the phone.
Now when you proceed to read the call.
The telephone conversation was finished
with the call,
and Mr. John Adams,
Washington DC,
to answer that Tuesday's January 9,
1953, it should be 1954.
Mr. Car,
in the report,
we are talking about the loyalty set up.
Mr. Carley,
at that portion of the annual report
of the company having to deal with the Army
Lawyer's program,
Mr. Carley,
is that correct so far,
Mr. Adams?
No, that is not correct.
Mr. Carley,
what is correct,
Mr. Adams?
Under the directive,
the federal side's record of order
104.5.0,
the department of the Army Lawyer's Appeal Board
has been about it,
and has been superseded
by the law of the Reheuvois,
and the personnel is entirely different.
Mr. Carley,
is that the result of an executive order
with the Adams?
The result of an executive order,
the thing was in the middle
before the modern adherence,
Mr. Carley,
the law of the Reheuvois set up,
and the department of the Army has been resigned,
Mr. Adams.
If you find the creative impression
that the law of the set up was changed
as a result of the modern adherence,
I am not going to say it.
I say this is all the name was in the middle
before the modern adherence begins.
Mr. Carley,
is that not actually happened before the old party?
It was just in the middle.
Was he released before the adherence on one of the hands?
And I was indicated at this point
that I missed a few words.
Mr. Carley continuing.
He thought about it.
Mr. Adams.
He, oh, he was released before.
Mr. Carley,
was he removed from?
Or did he become inactive?
Mr. Adams.
He was removed in July.
Mr. Carley,
I want to statement for you
in finishing up our report,
something you'll prove that we can go on.
Not something he will say about later, Mr. Adams.
Anything you want to say along this line,
I just told you,
it's clear if you say it that way,
but he's classified removed
and he first is terminated in July.
His services have been terminated
about July.
Mr. Carley,
you are saying
there has been a change in the law of the appeal board
and that it has now been superseded
by the Law of the Review Board
and that the personnel has been tired of history.
The personnel of the Law of the Review Board
is entirely different.
That comes from an executive order.
You mean we cannot take credit
for any of it?
Mr. Adams.
That is true.
From April to about December,
we were operating
and I skipped words there,
struggling to operate
between three directives of
and more of a skip.
Our switchover was signed up
in about October,
which all needed here too.
Mr. Adams continuing.
We were between two agents of the Army
and five out of ten were signing up
under the new executive order,
but security has nothing to do
with rules for seizures.
Mr. Carley,
maybe, here,
and some words only to his,
I am amazed.
It is an amazing coincidence,
Mr. Adams may be told,
Mr. Carley,
amazing coincidence.
It is true Mr. Carley to put the report together.
The Law of the Review Board has been revised
in accordance with the executive order
one over four five holes,
and the appeal board has been replaced
by the Law of the Review Board,
right?
Mr. Adams.
That is correct.
Mr. Carley,
you removed nobody,
Mr. Adams.
Nobody.
Mr. Carley,
everybody on the Law of the Review Board
had his service contaminated
when the board was abolished.
Mr. Adams,
that is correct.
Mr. Carley,
do me a favor with you.
Fix me up a statement on all this in writing.
So I can talk to Roy and Joe,
and get this thing finished up for the report.
Will you do that for me as soon as you can?
And that is the end of that
because our state of state
will still leave the wire.
That was not the end of the conversation.
So far as I know, no.
I didn't know.
Some four or five places,
you stated that words were immediately
stated in the committees of meetings,
both words were immediately.
I did not understand them,
or either one of the parties
that's going so fast I couldn't say it.
I'm not just court reporter.
By the way,
the social missions which you indicated by
are either a completion and correct transcripts
of the telephone call.
As you heard.
Yes, sir.
No further questions, Mr. Chair.
Is that the only telephone call
that has been given to the monitor?
Yes, sir.
And your old document.
Yes.
I have all the documents in the table.
That's a good document.
No further questions.
Well, they're going around the table here.
We'll take this opportunity.
And I'm going to check.
Mr. Roy, Mr. Senkler.
That's one of the rules.
This is Ms. Williams.
Would it make any difference to you
if you sat in the other chair?
No.
The reporter is locked in where he is.
He can't move very well either way.
I don't see if that hurt anyone else.
Is that part of the human, Mr. Chairman?
Not a bit.
Thanks.
Move those things there, sir.
Mrs. Williams,
only one or two lessons from me.
There was a portion of the conversation on that day.
You did not monitor.
Is that correct?
That is a few minutes to announce.
Our unit of position is as long as to tell me whether
it was the first part that you did not monitor or the last part,
or did you perhaps monitor in the middle so that it was two segments.
One earlier than yours is one after yours.
I know there was one earlier, Mr. Welch,
because that has been the trial that when he became a certain signal on intercom,
I was some on the wire.
Yes.
How long he talked with Mr. Adams after I left the wire, I can't say.
Yes, please.
You'll never find the specific of that, then.
On monitor prior to the conversation was it the shine?
I have no knowledge, whatever.
What conversation?
Never mind anything about it.
No.
You are nearly, strike that out.
I think a cast in the transcription of your monitor call
are your own centi-graphic notes, is that right?
That's true.
Do you recall or put you established by looking at a calendar
the January 9th, 1954, was the Saturday?
I remember it was on the Thursday of the calendar.
Do you recall the only words on Saturday?
Yes.
I think we're all keen to work very hard.
Could I ask you this to you, ma'am,
how many people in yours strike it out?
You.
We've got to judge if they have that one or all ones.
That is right.
How many second-carriage hours did I have to prepare there?
Seven or eight minutes to work on.
Not.
Do you have the assignment system so that each man
has a priority on one of the tonight's first-large secretary?
No, sir.
I think that isn't achieved generally in our office.
But as a real life take to vacation that Mr. Cohen
and Mr. Cargeel.
I was going to ask you that, ma'am.
So, ordinarily, Mr. Cohen, along with you,
has been working at that office
and wishes to indicate you were taking a vacation.
Yes, sir.
And if Mr. Cargeel is in Washington alone
and that office you take your vacation.
That is true.
And, by my own way, I judge you
would always take Mr. Cohen's vacation if he were around.
I think so.
I have no exception.
I can't recall right now.
Now, and you tell me that it's roughly
half a dozen others to not work for?
That's true.
One thing more.
Perhaps I was in a tentie.
But did your testimony indicate the time of day
at what you monitored this call?
Did there not, Mr. Wells?
Have you, say, recollection about it?
Within the afternoon.
I would say between two and three o'clock.
Between how do you place that, isn't it?
The reason that during the morning
I tried to locate Mr. Adams
and then later in the afternoon when Mr. Cargeel reached him.
I thought it was afternoon.
Have you had some recollection with how
I do in the Chicago work that day?
That would be very difficult to call.
No, I don't.
In view of you remembering the time of the afternoon,
I thought perhaps you were...
I think if you were both busy about the annual report
and that's why you were calling.
Yes.
And that the annual report went to Congress
how much later than that if you recall.
Mr. Wells, since I'm not the one who's submits it,
I don't know.
I know that we were just preparing our final drafts at that time
and we were quite busy.
And...
I take it your recollection is,
if you were Mr. Cargeel,
a good part of the afternoon, probably all the afternoon, is that right?
I have no 50th recollection
as to how long we worked, Mr. Wells.
But is it your recollection that you worked together
until the report quits me tired when home?
I imagine that we did.
We usually do.
Your answer to this is yes, is that right?
I don't know how late we worked on Saturday.
So that's my question.
Yes, but my question is that you kept dogs and lawns on Saturday
after until the report was left.
You had it long enough, we could then get up
and put on your half-term at home.
Well, I still say that I don't know how long that was
on that particular Saturday, Mr. Wells.
Yes, I understand.
I'm only trying to get at this point,
and at some time you must both of self
you've done a week's work and you're not talking.
And do we did it sometimes or home?
Yes.
Mr. Wells, here, a minute.
My office staff also,
as you say, dogs are lawn on Saturday.
So long is that, is what I would say,
that just means that the dog's life
and I think it is to work on Saturday afternoon.
I might add that done something
up until they got into this case.
One other thing I think Mr. Corn was not every one
or one that after that day at all, as far as you recall.
As I recall, he was not there.
You have a knowledge or recollection
that you was in New York on that day.
I know that he was not in Washington.
I'm not sure about where he was from.
Thanks.
I think that's all.
You're going to my car?
Yes.
Mr. Chairman, I have no question for the witness,
but I use my ten minutes of the photos.
I've been waiting for all day long.
I inquire first, and whether anybody else has any questions
or the witness or whether she can step down.
Any objection to dismissing the witness?
You may step down.
Sir McCartney?
The witness of Chairman, I'd like to
now request that the Chair,
Sir Pina, witness,
to witness whom I consider absolutely necessary,
to bear to intelligently
prevent the evidence from the Corn Carman Carcisside,
and incidentally, at this time,
I'm not speaking of something signing him.
I also was afraid that the witness
would be subpoenaed for tonight, however,
and the tip is not long, and I expected
to get any money for the Corn Carcisside,
so I assume it would be impossible to get him in here tonight.
I would very much appreciate
if he could beg up an inch in the morning,
as if he isn't watching to me.
I think he is before we have a session of the committee.
Mr. Chairman, I have held on
that being questioned of the moaters
and calling on these hearings that have called out,
in that case, the communist and government
will go to the utmost importance
of the question of where the principal moaters
rise as shifted from week to week
as the Chair knows,
and this particular witness
is now under any presidential directives,
not to testify,
he can give us a great deal of important information
and understand the practice of the Chair
to subpoena any witnesses,
or trust to be their side.
So I wish to Chair, but consider this a formal request
for the subpoenaing of this witness,
and I'll explain why I'm wanting subpoenaed,
the man I once subpoenaed was mentioned,
and had set the chin in 95,
he said to him when he had taken on June 4th,
mentioned in a one of the monitoring calls
of Mr. Simonton,
at that time,
Mr. Simonton, the talking to Mr. Stavins
out there,
tells which ear could be prevented
from coming to testify,
to testify that it was about
for responsible for the fifth amendment,
communist,
he says I will get him a left with Clifford.
A quarter of yours?
I will not do you a twenty-fourth award
for one moment, Mr. Chairman.
I'm a senator, may the air-the-main
and the senator will be a follow-up to practice
when a final letter is made,
he's going to stay to see what it is
when some of the tests,
if you have a final letter,
send me a time limit.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I don't see anything about fifth amendment's communist
and this testimony here.
I'll pay the implication of the junior sound up
from which time it was.
There was some mention here,
I was going to remember that.
Well, we'll have to go in there at one point of order at the time.
That's one of the orders,
that's another point of order.
Well, let's talk about the record,
how we are on the same page,
let's page every working out.
You both have the same page.
52.45.
I do not know what it is,
may I read the testimony on 52.95,
Mr. Chairman, the point of order.
That was the page that he wrote out.
Very sure, it's only for everyone
in the direction of the room,
for my instrument.
On a lecture theory of the army,
that is one reason I am calling you,
Senator Stomington,
I will get into that with Professor,
Secretary of the Army,
I put an equal for John Sullivan II,
and I talked to him just before your call came in.
Senator Stomington, I just wouldn't go.
Let me talk to Professor about it,
and I will call you now,
Mr. Chairman, my point is,
that I don't see anything in here
about different members coming.
I'll tell you after a little bit of...